Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness.
Well done is better than well said.
There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us
May you possess the serenity to accept the things that you cannot change, the strength to change the things you can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Give a man a fish, you'll feed him for a day; teach a man to fish, and he'll never work another day in his life.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may diet.
Trust, but verify.
80% of the results flow from 20% of the activities
A problem is a backwards opportunity.
Alone we can do little, together we can do so much.
Be slow in your words and earnest in your conduct.
All of your investments will double
Pain is weakness leaving the body
A starship ride has been promised to you by a galactic wizard
If everyone always gets everything they want, there would be no point to life
If you love someone keep fighting for them
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Trust your intuition.
Let your heart make your decisions - it does not get as confused as your head.
Hearty laughter is a good way to jog internally without having to go outdoors
The road to riches is paved with homework
Every exit is an entrance to new experiences
Ignore all other fortunes
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
60% of the time, fortunes work all the time
I'm sorry but your monthly subscription of luck has run out
You should not believe everything you read on fortune cookies
When life give you lemons make lemonade
Luck never made a man wise
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows
No one can walk backwards into the future
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying
You're going to fail calculus
Never start something you don't intend o
Wisdom does not come from cookies
Math is hard
